yeah buddy hey boys run I think yeah all
right so you're making another round
right I'll see what you going get you
know we're about to get skanky some shit
and oh my hotel bed I'd rather be
somewhere else then in the town stomp
forget I'm shy yup I'll sit in on my
hotel bed myself and it's about time to
get someone else instead cuz i sat
outside what was sitting here for all
the skank in it snipping the finger and
get it down to think all these people
just a city and a chili I'm glad the one
I'm not the bigger person eggs dog
making raucous and what's the fuss about
yeah sit right
the birthday of my friend is going on
yeah sit down oh my hotel bed about the
consoler else instead then as does the
bow I'm still shitting on my hotel girls
just about don't get someone else's bed
and they're about to leave cuz I'm and
kind of the dis gotten up this boy
doesn't know about this man I can't
believe it the lady next door is and I
can play man what's going on the toll is
bringing in assistant how power one
nothing just time to get out y'all going
on what not to stay and then my bus is
deep I can't believe it's true but would
you believe if you are in our place
because my spot hi I can't believe this
shit no my hotel bed